Civil Seeming Drivel Dreaming is based on the same mechanic of Very Vile Fairy File, Quite Queer Night Near and Low-Key Learny Jokey Journey. You need to find the right rhyme pairs to get through.

There are a few potential bonus points as well in the game. This walkthrough will allude to them but not spoil them. You will see them at the end of the game.

The first one, in fact, occurs at the start. The blurring-blest purring pest distracts you, and you can either dispel it before moving on, or not.

> WHIRRING WEST (1)

At the Woe Wall, you know there are people to help, but you're not sure how to greet them. Also, you may note that good guesses are possible. Enough of them, and you get a lurking lump, which lets you pass through a puzzle.

> YO YALL (1)

Hooray! They mention that transport to others that could help is buried somewhere.

> STOW STALL (1)

The slick slide is not working. It's too slick to even get on! Conventional methods don't work to get it going.

> TRICK TRIED (1)

Now there are four hubs. You can visit them in any order, and you can cut off your journey and come back any which way.

> PRICK PRIDE (1)

Here in the Sigh-Sitch, the I-Itch-Why Witch is willing to help, unless you insult her terribly, which kills the game. We could just find the way back, but let's go through with things.

She hasn't beaten any evil for a while and doesn't know what to tackle, when.

> LIE LICH (1)

What sort of spell? The gaudy ones won't work.

> PIE PITCH (1)

Now you need to get back, somehow.

> RICK RIDE (1)

Okay! One down, four to go.

> SICK SIDE (1)

Okay, so Droning Dre and Moaning May won't shut up about insect bytes here in Groaning Gray Honing, Hey!

They need to know it's their fault for not seeking out a way to move on. But gently.

> OWNING EH (1)

Now they are willing to sacrifice their spirits for the greater good. Duplicate them if you must.

> CLONING CLAY (1)

This time you don't need to take the RICK RIDE back. It happens automatically.

> TICK TIDE (1)

Oh my! So many insects, led by a giant animal.

Here in Oil, Inc., Doyle Dink runs the show. Until...

> SOIL SINK (1)

> MOIL MINK (1)

> ROYAL RINK (1)

Finally, you have enough on your side for the killer blow.

> FOIL FINK (1)

Okay, the final area, now.

> HICK HIDE (1)

My, Clive Klee sure is aristocratic here in Five-Fee-Contrive Country! You need to make it a place worth living.

> IVY (1)

> LIVELY (1)

> JIVE GEE (1)

> THRIVE THREE (1)

Finally, ask Clive the question that will make him run away.

> WHYVE WE (1)

You are ready for the final showdown, now! You just need a rallying cry. There are three, and you only need one.

> FOE FALL (1)

Oh no! You were totally captured and taken away! To the Forfeit-Bore Bit! You need something that will heal your soul and get you back to basics.

> CORE KIT (1)

You need to focus on battle strategy before going back there.

> WAR WIT (1)

The other two cries are unifiying, and they get you a bonus point, but this one wins the battle:

> OH ALL (1)

The mummy can be disposed of, as can the ghost that follows it. But they're optional. One of them reappears if it's not dispelled yet when you clear either of the final two areas.

From here, you can go either way. North's slightly easier. So let's go north!

> N

A done-duel gun ghoul! Don't let it keep you down.

> PUN POOL (1)

Now to transform the ghoul.

> FUN FOOL (1)

You can now detour to the south. Or...

> W

You can actually sort of give up here for a bonus point, or you can just win straight out.

> LET IN THE LIGHT (1)
